Conclusion pass (#1041)
browserengineering/book: book/skipped.md

are often implemented in HTML and rendered by the browser itself.

Also, it'd be almost impossible to build complex web apps without some
kind of debugging aid, so all real browsers have built-in debuggers.

> Believe it or not, for quite a long time browser engineers just did a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Believe it or not, for quite a long time we developers just did a
```

> lot of [`printf` debugging][printf]. This changed in a big way with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lot of [`console.log` debugging][printf] (or even `alert` debugging, before there was an easy way to see the console!). This changed in a big way with the
```
